docs: multi-framework support (Claude Agent SDK, LangGraph, DSPy) (#632)
agno-agi/docs: teams/building-teams.mdx

When both `id` and `name` are set on a member, team delegation uses `id` as the member identifier.

<Note>
  Members must be native Agno `Agent` or `Team` instances. External-framework
  adapters (`ClaudeAgent`, `LangGraphAgent`, `DSPyAgent`) can be served by

>   AgentOS as standalone agents but cannot be team members yet. See

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  AgentOS as standalone agents but cannot be a member agent of an Agno Team or an agent of a Workflow Step yet. See
```
